Monero is a private, secure, untraceable, decentralised digital
currency. You are your bank, you control your funds, and nobody can
trace your transfers unless you allow them to do so.

Privacy: Monero uses a cryptographically sound system to allow you to
send and receive funds without your transactions being easily revealed
on the blockchain (the ledger of transactions that everyone has). This
ensures that your purchases, receipts, and all transfers remain private
by default.

Security: Using the power of a distributed peer-to-peer consensus
network, every transaction on the network is cryptographically secured.
Individual wallets have a 25-word mnemonic seed that is only displayed
once and can be written down to backup the wallet. Wallet files should
be encrypted with a strong passphrase to ensure they are useless if ever
stolen.

Untraceability: By taking advantage of ring signatures, a special
property of a certain type of cryptography, Monero is able to ensure
that transactions are not only untraceable but have an optional measure
of ambiguity that ensures that transactions cannot easily be tied back
to an individual user or computer.

Decentralization: The utility of Monero depends on its decentralised
peer-to-peer consensus network - anyone should be able to run the monero
software, validate the integrity of the blockchain, and participate in
all aspects of the monero network using consumer-grade commodity
hardware. Decentralization of the monero network is maintained by
software development that minimizes the costs of running the monero
software and inhibits the proliferation of specialized, non-commodity
hardware.

Additional notes:
Before running the SlackBuild script, create the "monero" user/group:

    groupadd -g 375 monero
    useradd -u 375 -g 375 -c "Monero daemon (monerod) user" \
        -d /var/lib/monero -s /sbin/nologin monero

This SlackBuild script will not run the provided test suite by default.
Pass RUN_TESTS=yes to run it:

    RUN_TESTS=yes ./monero.SlackBuild

The tests may take a few hours to complete.

If you want to build the API documentation, install graphviz (optional),
then pass DOCS=yes:

    DOCS=yes ./monero.SlackBuild

Other optional dependencies:
- unbound (if you prefer not using the bundled version)
- ldns (for the SSL toolkit)
- gtest (for the test suite, using the bundled one if not installed)
- hidapi (for enabling hardware wallet support)
- protobuf3 (for enabling hardware wallet support)
- torsocks (for running monerod through Tor)
